website/docs:  update notes on SECRET_KEY (#9091)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/installation/configuration.mdx

### `AUTHENTIK_SECRET_KEY`

Secret key used for cookie signing. Changing this will invalidate active sessions.

:::caution

> Prior to 2023.06.0 it was also used for unique user IDs and should not be changed after the first install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to 2023.06.0 it was also used for unique user IDs. If running a pre-2023.06.0 version of authentik the key should not be changed after the first install.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for this contribution and clarification @pidi3000! I suggested a change to the last section... if that works for you then just accept the suggestion and then we can merge it. Thanks again!

Author: good point, makes it more understandable.
Happy to help.
